Update block-filters.md (#64959)
WordPress/gutenberg: docs/reference-guides/filters/block-filters.md

Called immediately after the default parsing of a block's attributes and before validation to allow a plugin to manipulate attribute values in time for validation and/or the initial values rendering of the block in the editor.

The callback function for this filter accepts 4 parameters:
- `blockAttributes` (`Object`): The attributes of the block node given its type.
- `blockType` (`Object`): A block-type definition object.
- `innerHTML` (`string`): Inner HTML content of the block.

> - `attributea` (`object`): Known attributes of the block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `attributes` (`object`): Known attributes of the block.
```

> - `blockAttributes` (`Object`): The attributes of the block node given its type.
> - `blockType` (`Object`): A block-type definition object.
> - `innerHTML` (`string`): Inner HTML content of the block.
> - `attributes` (`object`): Known attributes of the block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `blockAttributes` (`Object`): All block attributes.
- `blockType` (`Object`): The block type.
- `innerHTML` (`string`): Raw block content.
- `attributes` (`object`): Known block attributes (from delimiters).
```

In the example below, we use the `blocks.getBlockAttributes` filter to lock the position of all paragraph blocks on a page.

```js
// Our filter function

> function lockParagraphs( blockAttributes, blockType, innterHTML, attributes  ) {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
function lockParagraphs( blockAttributes, blockType, innerHTML, attributes  ) {
```

>     if(blockType['name'] === 'core/paragraph') {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    if('core/paragraph' === blockType.name) {
```

        blockAttributes['lock'] = {move: true}
    }
    return blockAttributes;
}

> // Call the filter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Add the filter
```

wp.hooks.addFilter(
    'blocks.getBlockAttributes',

>     'it-residence/lock-paragraphs',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    'my-plugin/lock-paragraphs',
```
